docs/IOS_SETUP.md, before:

iOS Setup (Capacitor)
====================

Prerequisites
-------------
- macOS with Xcode 15+
- Node 20+
- CocoaPods `sudo gem install cocoapods`

Build web assets
----------------
```bash
npm run build
```

Add iOS platform and sync
-------------------------
```bash
npm run cap:ios
```

Open Xcode
----------
```bash
npm run cap:ios:open
```

Configure signing
-----------------
- Select the app target > Signing & Capabilities
- Choose a Team and unique Bundle Identifier

Info.plist updates (if needed)
------------------------------
- Camera usage: NSCameraUsageDescription
- Microphone usage (voice feedback): NSMicrophoneUsageDescription
- Photo library (export/import): NSPhotoLibraryAddUsageDescription

App Transport Security (ATS)
----------------------------
- The app uses `https` by default. If using a dev server, add Exceptions during local testing only.

Build & run
-----------
- Build & run on device/simulator from Xcode

Push notifications (optional)
-----------------------------
- Add capability in Xcode
- Configure APNs and Capacitor Push plugin

Store assets
------------
- Add app icons and splash screens via Xcode asset catalogs

Troubleshooting
---------------
- If blank screen, ensure `dist/` is present and `webDir` is `dist` in `capacitor.config.ts`.
- Re-run `npm run cap:sync` after any plugin or config change.

Commit message:

feat: Add Capacitor assets generation for iOS
Co-authored-by: n8ter8 <n8ter8@gmail.com>

docs/IOS_SETUP.md, after:

iOS Setup (Capacitor)
====================

Prerequisites
-------------
- macOS with Xcode 15+
- Node 20+
- CocoaPods `sudo gem install cocoapods`

Build web assets
----------------
```bash
npm run build
```

Add iOS platform and sync
-------------------------
```bash
npm run cap:ios
```

Generate icons/splash
---------------------
Provide `assets/icon.png` (1024x1024) and `assets/splash.png` (2732x2732), then run:
```bash
npm run cap:assets
```

Open Xcode
----------
```bash
npm run cap:ios:open
```

Configure signing
-----------------
- Select the app target > Signing & Capabilities
- Choose a Team and unique Bundle Identifier

Info.plist updates (if needed)
------------------------------
- Camera usage: NSCameraUsageDescription
- Microphone usage (voice feedback): NSMicrophoneUsageDescription
- Photo library (export/import): NSPhotoLibraryAddUsageDescription

App Transport Security (ATS)
----------------------------
- The app uses `https` by default. If using a dev server, add Exceptions during local testing only.

Build & run
-----------
- Build & run on device/simulator from Xcode

Push notifications (optional)
-----------------------------
- Add capability in Xcode
- Configure APNs and Capacitor Push plugin

Store assets
------------
- You can use `@capacitor/assets` (see above) to generate assets into the iOS project, or manage app icons/splash via Xcode asset catalogs.

Troubleshooting
---------------
- If blank screen, ensure `dist/` is present and `webDir` is `dist` in `capacitor.config.ts`.
- Re-run `npm run cap:sync` after any plugin or config change.
